Update README to be more descriptive, add more details around program (#907)
1Password/1password-teams-open-source: README.md

2. In order to decrease the chances of getting locked out, invite at least one other person to your team and [add them to the Owners group](https://support.1password.com/groups/#manage-group-membership).
3. Submit your application by [**completing this form**](https://github.com/1Password/1password-teams-open-source/issues/new?labels=application&template=application.yml&title=Application+for+[project+name]) and opening a new issue in this repository.

## ✅ Requirements

- This program is only eligible for Teams accounts. Personal, Family, and Business account types are not currently eligible for the program. If you want to maintain your current non-Team account and apply to the program you can considering [changing your account type](https://support.1password.com/change-account-type/).
- Your 1Password account must not be associated with commercial activity, with the exception of open source funding programs like GitHub Sponsorships or Open Collective. If your company is looking for an enterprise password manager, check out [1Password Business](https://1password.com/business/).

> - If your application is to support a single project, the project must be at least 30 days old and active, it must be under a permissive open source license, and you must be a core contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your application is for a single project, you must be a core contributor, and the project must be at least 30 days old, active, and under a permissive open source license.
```

Author: Love this update!

> - If your application is to support a team, the same rules apply to the projects your team works on. Projects must primarily be open source, and not supported by commercial activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your application is for a team, the same rules apply to the projects your team works on. Projects must primarily be open source, and not supported by commercial activity.
```

> - We’ll also accept applications from the organisers of community meetups, events, as well as some conferences, relating to open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We’ll also accept applications from organizers of community meetups, events, and conferences that relate to open source.
```

> If you're not sure if your project meets these requirements, or have any questions before applying, please contact [opensource@1password.com](mailto:opensource@1password.com) and we'll be happy to help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not sure if your project meets these requirements, or you have any questions before applying, please contact [opensource@1password.com](mailto:opensource@1password.com) and we'll be happy to help!
```

## 💙 Community & support

- Learn more about 1Password's developer offerings and check out all the documentation on [1Password Developer](https://developer.1password.com/).

> - If you're interested in participating in our developer community, join the [Developer Slack workspace](https://developer.1password.com/joinslack) or subscribe to the [Developer Newsletter](https://1password.com/dev-subscribe/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're interested in participating in our developer community, join the [Developer Slack workspace](https://developer.1password.com/joinslack) and subscribe to the [Developer Newsletter](https://1password.com/dev-subscribe/).
```
